Note about 1click installations (#1359)
contao/docs: docs/manual/installation/quickstart.en.md

weight: 15
---

We assume here that you want to install either the latest version or the [Long Term Support Version](https://docs.contao.org/manual/en/installation/update-contao/#long-term-support-versions) with the Contao Manager. This is the easiest and recommended way for beginners. Some hosting 

> providers offer 1click installations, also for Contao. However, for the best user experience, we recommend using the Contao Manager or the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
providers offer 1-click installations. However, for the best user experience, we recommend using the Contao Manager or the console.
```
